Update minikube-linux.md (#2155)
kubeflow/website: content/en/docs/started/workstation/minikube-linux.md

+++

> title = "Deploy using MiniKube on Linux"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title = "Deploying with MiniKube on a single node"
```

WDYT?

> description = "Deploy Kubeflow using MiniKube on Linux"

Reviewer: With a fresh pair of eyes, I think our docs describe as follow

```suggestion
description = "How to deploy Kubeflow with MiniKube on a single node on Linux"
```

weight = 50
                    
+++

> This guide covers the installation of Minikube and Kubeflow in a single node Ubuntu system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide covers the installation of Minikube and Kubeflow in a single-node Ubuntu system.
```

> Minikube provides a single node Kubernetes cluster that is good for development and testing purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
minikube provides a single-node Kubernetes cluster, making it easy to learn and
and develop for Kubernetes.
```

Source: https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/docs/start/

+++

> title = "Deploying with MiniKube on a single node"
> description = "How to deploy Kubeflow with MiniKube on a single node on Linux"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title = "Deploying with miniKube on a single node"
description = "How to deploy Kubeflow with miniKube on a single node on Linux"
```

For consistency.

I guess K8s should also do the same: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-minikube/ https://github.com/kubernetes/minikube - at the moment it's both :)

> title = "Deploying with miniKube on a single node"
> description = "How to deploy Kubeflow with miniKube on a single node on Linux"

Reviewer: It's been a long day 👍 

```suggestion
title = "Deploying with minikube on a single node"
description = "How to deploy Kubeflow with minikube on a single node on Linux"
```

🙂

weight = 50
                    
+++

> This guide covers the installation of Minikube and Kubeflow in a single-node Ubuntu system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide covers the installation of minikube and Kubeflow in a single-node Ubuntu system.
```

### Install kubectl

`kubectl` is a Kubernetes command-line tool that allows you to run commands against Kubernetes clusters.
The following instructions install version 1.15 of kubectl. If you are looking for a specific version,
see the [kubectl installation guide](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl/).

```SHELL
curl -LO https://storage.googleapis.com/kubernetes-release/release/v1.15.0/bin/linux/amd64/kubectl
chmod +x ./kubectl
mv ./kubectl /usr/local/bin/kubectl
```

> ### Install Minikube

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Install minikube
```

> Run the command lines below to install the latest version of Minikube.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the command lines below to install the latest version of minikube.
```

> If you are looking for a specific version, refer to the [Kubernetes: Minikube

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are looking for a specific version, refer to the [Kubernetes: minikube
```

### Install kubectl

`kubectl` is a Kubernetes command-line tool that allows you to run commands against Kubernetes clusters.
The following instructions install version 1.15 of kubectl. If you are looking for a specific version,
see the [kubectl installation guide](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl/).

```SHELL
curl -LO https://storage.googleapis.com/kubernetes-release/release/v1.15.0/bin/linux/amd64/kubectl
chmod +x ./kubectl
mv ./kubectl /usr/local/bin/kubectl
```

### Install minikube

Run the command lines below to install the latest version of minikube.
If you are looking for a specific version, refer to the [Kubernetes: minikube
releases](https://github.com/kubernetes/minikube/releases) page.

```SHELL
 curl -LO https://storage.googleapis.com/minikube/releases/latest/minikube-linux-amd64
 sudo install minikube-linux-amd64 /usr/local/bin/minikube
```

> ### Start Minikube

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Start minikube
```

### Install Minikube

The following command installs Minikube latest version. If you are looking for a specific version, see the [Minikube releases](https://github.com/kubernetes/minikube/releases).
```
 curl -LO https://storage.googleapis.com/minikube/releases/latest/minikube-linux-amd64
 sudo install minikube-linux-amd64 /usr/local/bin/minikube
```

### Start Minikube

The following command starts Minikube with 6 CPUs, 12288 memory, 120G disk size: 
```
minikube start --vm-driver=hyperv --cpus 6 --memory 12288 --disk-size=120g --extra-config=apiserver.service-account-issuer=api --extra-config=apiserver.service-account-signing-key-file=/var/lib/minikube/certs/apiserver.key --extra-config=apiserver.service-account-api-audiences=api
```

> 

Reviewer: @alfsuse 

Just noticed the repetition in my first suggestion, so:

```diff

- 1. Run the commands below to set up and deploy Kubeflow. One of the command
-    lines below includes an optional command to add the binary kfctl to your
+ 1. Run the commands below to set up and deploy Kubeflow. One of the them
+    includes an optional command to add the binary kfctl to your
   path. If you don’t add the binary to your path, you must use the full path
   to the kfctl binary each time you run it.
```

> You can launch Minikune with the `minikube start` command. For example, if you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can launch minikune with the `minikube start` command. For example, if you
```

>   page](https://github.com/kubeflow/kfctl/releases/tag/{{% kf-latest-version %}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  page](https://github.com/kubeflow/kfctl/releases/).
```

I think this page - https://github.com/kubeflow/kfctl/releases/ - gives users options, in case they don't want to download the latest kfctl.

> 1. Unpack the tar ball:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Extract the zipped TAR file:
```

Style guide: [File interactions](https://developers.google.com/style/filenames#file-type-interactions)
kfctl_v1.1.0-0-g9a3621e_darwin.tar.gz

>    ```SHELL
>    tar -xvf kfctl_{{% kf-latest-version %}}_<platform>.tar.gz
>    ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```SHELL
    tar -xvf {KFCTL_TAR_GZ_FILE}
    ```

    where `{KFCTL_TAR_GZ_FILE}` should be replaced with the name of the kfctl
    release file you have just downloaded.
```

It's more readable, I think

1. Run the commands below to set up and deploy Kubeflow. One of them
   includes an optional command to add the binary kfctl to your
   path. If you don’t add the binary to your path, you must use the full path
   to the kfctl binary each time you run it.

    ```

>     # The following command is optional, to make kfctl binary easier to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # The following command is optional making the kfctl binary easier to use.
```

Also Line 110:
```
+ # Replace `{PATH_FOR_KFTCL} with your path where kfctl should be extracted to.
- export PATH=$PATH:<path to where kfctl was unpacked>
+ export PATH=$PATH:{PATH_FOR_KFTCL}
```

and further below it:

```
- export KF_NAME=<your choice of name for the Kubeflow deployment>
+ export KF_NAME={YOUR_KF_DEPLOYMENT_NAME}
```

```
- # Set the path to the base directory where you want to store one or more 
+ # Set the path to the base directory - change {YOUR_PATH_TO_BASE_DIR} -
- # Kubeflow deployments. For example, /opt/.
+ # to store your Kubeflow deployment(s). For example: `/opt/`.
- export BASE_DIR=<path to a base directory>
+ export BASE_DIR={YOUR_PATH_TO_BASE_DIR}
```

The use of the dot/full stop is not clear otherwise.)

WDYT?

I think it's also good to to use `<>` instead of `{}`.

> kfctl apply -V -f ${CONFIG_URI}

Reviewer: Lines 144-

```
The following example installs Kubeflow v1.0.0 under the `/root/kubeflow/v1.0` directory:
...
```

Have you tried with v1.1 by any chance? The docs could look fresher with a v1.1 example

Author: Have to try it.. let me do that in 1 hr and will ping you once done :)

Reviewer: @alfsuse I mean it's probably not necessary, so it's just an idea. Some users may notice this or ask if minikube is compatible with the latest KF v1.1 release.

Thanks for this, I really appreciate it.

Author: I'll give a try anyway.. but I was thinking we may merge it the meantime in case I can open another PR.ù

Reviewer: Good idea.

```

> When the installation finishes, run the following command to see whether all the pods are in running status.

Reviewer: For a11y:

```suggestion
After the installation, run the following command to check whether all the pods are in running status:
```

> Depending on your machine’s capability, it may take a few minutes to reach full running status:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This may look better if moved below the command line block.

```SHELL
kubectl get pod -n kubeflow
```

> 

Reviewer: Moving from the commit (line 164) to below the command line block:

```diff
...
kubectl get pod -n kubeflow
[end of block]

It may take a few minutes to reach full running status.
```

## Launch of Kubeflow central dashboard

> You can access the Kubeflow dashboard using the istio-ingressgateway service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can access the Kubeflow dashboard using the `istio-ingressgateway` service.
```

(Code font)

> To see your settings for the istio-ingressgateway service, execute the following commands:

Reviewer: For a11y,

```suggestion
To check your settings for `istio-ingressgateway`, execute the following commands:
```

```SHELL
export INGRESS_HOST=$(minikube ip)
export INGRESS_PORT=$(kubectl -n istio-system get service istio-ingressgateway -o jsonpath='{.spec.ports[?(@.name=="http2")].nodePort}')
```

Then you can access the Kubeflow dashboard in a web browser: 

```SHELL
http://<INGRESS_HOST>:<INGRESS_PORT>
```

> ## Execution of an MNIST on-prem notebook

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Running the MNIST on-prem Jupyter notebook
```

#### Step 4: Create a namespace to run the MNIST on-prem notebook 

The following commands create a namespace called `mnist`. You can use any name you like:

```SHELL
kubectl create ns mnist
kubectl label namespace mnist serving.kubeflow.org/inferenceservice=enabled 
```

#### Step 5:  Download the MNIST on-prem notebook

Run the following commands to download the notebook:

```SHELL
cd /root/kubeflow
git clone https://github.com/kubeflow/fairing.git
```

### Launch Jupyter Notebook

Run the following commands to launch a Jupyter Notebooks server:

```SHELL
cd /root/kubeflow/fairing/examples/mnist
conda activate mlpipeline
docker login
jupyter notebook --allow-root
```

> You should see output like this:

Reviewer: For a11y:

```suggestion
Your output should be similar to this:
```
